Create specs for stores pages (#263)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: content/1.7/back-office/shop-parameters/contact/stores/stores-listing.md

---

> title: Add / View stores

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Stores listing
```

Reviewer: Little mistake in the title

weight: 1
---

# View stores

In this interface, all the stores are listed in a handy list, giving every store's information as well as an indicator telling whether the store is currently active or not –  it's possible to for instance want to gather the information for a new store in advance, in order to have its page ready for the launch.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Multistore

Only the stores created in the selected store or store group (through the context) are displayed.

For example, let's say I have the following configuration:
- Group 1
  - Shop A
  - Shop B
- Group 2
  - Shop C

If I select group 1 as context, then the stores created in Shop A and Shop B will be displayed.

If I select Shop A as context, then the stores created in Shop A will be displayed.

If I select all shops as context, then the stores created in Shop A, Shop B and Shop C will be displayed.
```

- Enable/Disable selection: this button will either enable or disable the selected shops.
When trying to press enable/disable selection without any checkboxes marked, will show the message: "You must select at least one item to perform a bulk action." If pressing enable/disable for selected stores, will show a green message: "The status has been successfully updated."
- Delete selected: This button will delete the selected shops. 
After clicking on "Delete selected", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?" (See issue [#14462](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/14462)). The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.
After clicking on "Delete" button, the selected shop is deleted, a successful message is displayed "The selection has been successfully deleted."

## Contact details

This section enables the option to give the main details of the company, rather than those of a specific shop.

The following fields are shown in this section:

> 1. Multistore selection (toggle for yes or no)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

A message below the toggle option is shown: "Check / Uncheck all
You are editing this page for a specific shop or group. Click "Yes" to check all fields, "No" to uncheck all.
If you check a field, change its value, and save, the multistore behavior will not apply to this shop (or group), for this particular parameter."
When the toggle is switched to "no" - all fields below are not possible to edit, until the field is selected by a checkbox on the left.
When the toggle is switched to "yes" - all fields get automatically selected with the checkboxes, and are possible to edit.

Every field listed below has a checkbox possible on the left from the field.

 2. Shop name 

> This field is mandatory, when hovered on the "Shop name" shows the message: "Displayed in emails and page titles."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field is mandatory. When the label is hovered, a tooltip is displayed: "Displayed in emails and page titles."
```

Reviewer: Don't forget to specify what happens if the save button is pressed and if this field is empty

 3. Shop email

> This field is mandatory, when hovered on the "Shop email" shows the message: "Displayed in emails sent to customers."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field is mandatory. When the label is hovered, a tooltip is displayed: "Displayed in emails sent to customers."
```

Reviewer: Don't forget to specify what happens if the save button is pressed and if this field is empty

>  5. Registration number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Registration number
```

>  7. Shop address line 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Shop address line 1
```

>  9. Shop address line 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Shop address line 2
```

>  11. Zip/Postal code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Zip/Postal code
```

>  13. City

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- City
```

>  15. Country

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Country
```

>  17. State

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- State
```

>  19. Phone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Phone
```

>  21. Fax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fax

## Multistore

In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19367) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19319), take a look at the conditions and specs [here](https://github.com/PrestaShop/prestashop-specs/blob/master/content/1.7/back-office/multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes)
```

- Group 1
  - Shop A
  - Shop B
- Group 2
  - Shop C

If I select group 1 as context, then the stores created in Shop A and Shop B will be displayed.

If I select Shop A as context, then the stores created in Shop A will be displayed.

If I select all shops as context, then the stores created in Shop A, Shop B and Shop C will be displayed.
## Call to action
 
A call to actions is displayed in the header of this page:
 
  - Add new store

👉 See the [specs of the add/edit store](./add-edit-store.md) 

## Settings wheel

When clicking on the settings wheel, the following options are displayed:

1. Refresh list

After clicking on it, the page is reloaded. Sorts and searches are kept.

2. Show SQL query

After clicking on it, the SQL query is displayed in a modal. The SQL query takes into account filters and sorts that have been done.

There are two buttons:

Close: After clicking on it, the modal is closed
Export to SQL Manager: After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

3. Export to SQL Manager

After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

> ## Columns

Reviewer: The numbers of the columns do not follow each other

weight: 1
---

# Stores listing

This page lists all the stores. The stores enabled are displayed in the corresponding "stores" page of the front office.

## Multistore

Only the stores created in the selected store or store group (through the context) are displayed.

For example, let's say I have the following configuration:
- Group 1
  - Shop A
  - Shop B
- Group 2
  - Shop C

If I select group 1 as context, then the stores created in Shop A and Shop B will be displayed.

If I select Shop A as context, then the stores created in Shop A will be displayed.

If I select all shops as context, then the stores created in Shop A, Shop B and Shop C will be displayed.
## Call to action
 
A call to actions is displayed in the header of this page:
 
  - Add new store

👉 See the [specs of the add/edit store](./add-edit-store.md) 

## Settings wheel

When clicking on the settings wheel, the following options are displayed:

1. Refresh list

After clicking on it, the page is reloaded. Sorts and searches are kept.

2. Show SQL query

After clicking on it, the SQL query is displayed in a modal. The SQL query takes into account filters and sorts that have been done.

There are two buttons:

> Close: After clicking on it, the modal is closed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Close: After clicking on it, the modal is closed
```

> Export to SQL Manager: After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Export to SQL Manager: After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager
```

3. Export to SQL Manager

After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

## Columns

The page displays the stores list with the following columns:

1. ID

It's possible to sort by id asc or desc and search by id.

2. Name

It's possible to sort by name asc or desc and search by name.

3. Address

It's possible to sort by address asc or desc and search by address.

4. City

It's possible to sort by city asc or desc and search by city.

5. Zip/Postal code

It's possible to sort by zip code asc or desc and search by zip code.

6. State

It's possible to sort by state asc or desc and search by state.

7. Country

It's possible to sort by country asc or desc and search by country.

8. Phone

It's possible to sort by phone asc or desc and search by phone.

9. Fax

It's possible to sort by fax asc or desc and search by fax.

10. Enabled

A drop-down allows to select: 
- Yes
- No
 
When a search is performed with "yes" selected, only the stores enabled are displayed.
When a search is performed with "no" selected, only the stores disabled are displayed.

> Below the "search" button every store has 2 buttons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Actions
```

>  -[Edit](../add-edit stores.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Edit.** This is the main action and it can be performed by clicking on the line or on the button. 

👉 See the [specs of the add/edit store](./add-edit-store.md) 

**Delete.** The store can be deleted by clicking on this button. After clicking on "Delete", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?"
The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.
After clicking on "Delete" button, the store is deleted and a successful message is displayed "Successful deletion."
```

>  -Delete (when pressing the drop-down)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
title: Stores listing
weight: 1
---

# Stores listing

This page lists all the stores. The stores enabled are displayed in the corresponding "stores" page of the front office.

## Multistore

Only the stores created in the selected store or store group (through the context) are displayed.

For example, let's say I have the following configuration:
- Group 1
  - Shop A
  - Shop B
- Group 2
  - Shop C

If I select group 1 as context, then the stores created in Shop A and Shop B will be displayed.

If I select Shop A as context, then the stores created in Shop A will be displayed.

If I select all shops as context, then the stores created in Shop A, Shop B and Shop C will be displayed.
## Call to action
 
A call to actions is displayed in the header of this page:
 
  - Add new store

> 👉 See the [specs of the add/edit store](./add-edit-store.md) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👉 See the [specs of the add/edit store]({{<ref "add-edit-store.md">}} "Add/edit store")
```

## Settings wheel

When clicking on the settings wheel, the following options are displayed:

1. Refresh list

After clicking on it, the page is reloaded. Sorts and searches are kept.

2. Show SQL query

After clicking on it, the SQL query is displayed in a modal. The SQL query takes into account filters and sorts that have been done.

There are two buttons:

>  Close: After clicking on it, the modal is closed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Close: After clicking on it, the modal is closed
```

>  Export to SQL Manager: After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Export to SQL Manager: After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager
```

3. Export to SQL Manager

After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

## Columns

The page displays the stores list with the following columns:

1. ID

It's possible to sort by id asc or desc and search by id.

2. Name

It's possible to sort by name asc or desc and search by name.

3. Address

It's possible to sort by address asc or desc and search by address.

4. City

It's possible to sort by city asc or desc and search by city.

5. Zip/Postal code

It's possible to sort by zip code asc or desc and search by zip code.

6. State

It's possible to sort by state asc or desc and search by state.

7. Country

It's possible to sort by country asc or desc and search by country.

8. Phone

It's possible to sort by phone asc or desc and search by phone.

9. Fax

It's possible to sort by fax asc or desc and search by fax.

10. Enabled

A drop-down allows to select: 
- Yes
- No
 
When a search is performed with "yes" selected, only the stores enabled are displayed.
When a search is performed with "no" selected, only the stores disabled are displayed.

11. Actions

>  **Edit.** This is the main action and it can be performed by clicking on the line or on the button. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Edit.** This is the main action and it can be performed by clicking on the line or on the button. 
```

 👉 See the [specs of the add/edit store](./add-edit-store.md) 

>  **Delete.** The store can be deleted by clicking on this button. After clicking on "Delete", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the  action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- **Delete.** The store can be deleted by clicking on this button. After clicking on "Delete", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the  action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?"
```

When clicking on "reset", the search is removed and all the results are displayed.
# Contact details

This section allows giving the main details of the company, rather than those of a specific shop.

The following fields are shown in this section:

- Shop name 

This field is mandatory. When the label is hovered, a tooltip is displayed: "Displayed in emails and page titles."
If the save button is pressed and if this field is empty, the following error message is displayed: "field Shop name is required"

- Shop email

This field is mandatory. When the label is hovered, a tooltip is displayed: "Displayed in emails sent to customers."
If the save button is pressed and if this field is empty, the following error message is displayed: "field Shop email is required."

- Registration number

When the label is hovered, a tooltip is displayed: "Shop registration information (e.g. SIRET or RCS)."

- Shop address line 1

Input field for the first address line of the store.

- Shop address line 2

Input field for the second address line of the store.

- Zip/Postal code

Input field for the zip code.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This input field allows to fill the zip/postal code of the store. The field is mandatory, if the field is empty when trying to save, the following error message is displayed: "A Zip/Postal code is required.". If the postal code exceeds 12 characters when trying to save, the following error message is displayed: "The postcode field is too long (12 chars max).". If the format isn't correct when saving, the following error message is displayed: "The Zip/Postal code is invalid. It must be entered as follows: 00000". The format of the postal code is defined for each country in International > Locations > Countries > Add/edit country.
```

- City

Input field for the city.

- Country

This is a drop-down with all the countries that are existing in the International > Location > Countries page.

- State

This is a drop-down with all the states associated with the country selected above and existing in International > Location > States page.

- Phone

Input field for the phone.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If more than 16 chars are filled the following message is dislayed: "The phone field is too long (16 chars max)."
Only numbers are allowed for these fields. When trying to input a character that is not a number, an error message is displayed: "The phone field is invalid."
```

- Fax

Input field for the fax.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If more than 16 chars are filled the following message is dislayed: "The fax field is too long (16 chars max)."
Only numbers are allowed for these fields. When trying to input a character that is not a number, an error message is displayed: "The fax field is invalid."
```

## Multistore

> In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19367) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19319), take a look at the conditions and specs [here](../../../multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19367) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19319), take a look at the conditions and specs [here]({{<ref "../../../multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes">}} "Checkboxes")
```
```suggestion
In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19367) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19319), take a look at the conditions and specs [here](../../../multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes)
```

6. State

It's possible to sort by state asc or desc and search by state.

7. Country

It's possible to sort by country asc or desc and search by country.

8. Phone

It's possible to sort by phone asc or desc and search by phone.

9. Fax

It's possible to sort by fax asc or desc and search by fax.

10. Enabled

A drop-down allows to select: 
- Yes
- No
 
When a search is performed with "yes" selected, only the stores enabled are displayed.
When a search is performed with "no" selected, only the stores disabled are displayed.

11. Actions

- **Edit.** This is the main action and it can be performed by clicking on the line or on the button. 
 👉 See the [specs of the add/edit store](./add-edit-store.md) 

- **Delete.** The store can be deleted by clicking on this button. After clicking on "Delete", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the  action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?"
 The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.
 After clicking on "Delete" button, the store is deleted and a successful message is displayed "Successful deletion."

### Bulk actions

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bulk actions button is enabled only if at least one row of the list is selected.
```

Clicking on the _Bulk actions_ button allows users to perform bulk actions for selected stores (using the checkboxes). A user can:

- Select all/Unselect all: this button will select/unselect all the checkboxes at the beginning of each row of the listing.
- Enable/Disable selection: this button will either enable or disable the selected stores.

> When trying to enable or disable the selection without any checkboxes checked, the following message is displayed: "You must select at least one item to perform a bulk action." 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If the save button is pressed and if this field is empty, the following error message is displayed: "field Shop name is required"

- Shop email

This field is mandatory. When the label is hovered, a tooltip is displayed: "Displayed in emails sent to customers."
If the save button is pressed and if this field is empty, the following error message is displayed: "field Shop email is required."

- Registration number

When the label is hovered, a tooltip is displayed: "Shop registration information (e.g. SIRET or RCS)."

- Shop address line 1

Input field for the first address line of the store.

- Shop address line 2

Input field for the second address line of the store.

- Zip/Postal code

Input field for the zip code.

- City

Input field for the city.

- Country

This is a drop-down with all the countries that are existing in the International > Location > Countries page.

- State

This is a drop-down with all the states associated with the country selected above and existing in International > Location > States page.

- Phone

Input field for the phone.

- Fax

Input field for the fax.

## Multistore

> In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19367) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19319), take a look at the conditions and specs [here](https://github.com/PrestaShop/prestashop-specs/blob/master/content/1.7/back-office/multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19367) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19319), take a look at the conditions and specs [here](../../../multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes)
```
